README.md, before:

# Ducks Unlimited

Server-side mod for adding support for various ducks and their behavior to a Minecraft world.

## Quickstart

To build and package the mod:

```bash
gradle releaseJar
```

The mod artifacts will be in:

- `build/libs/ducksunlimited-<version>.jar` - Main mod file (*NOT YET GENERATED*)
- `build/devlibs/ducksunlimited-<version>-sources.jar` - Source code
- `build/libs/ducksunlimited-<version>-javadoc.jar` - Documentation
- `build/distributions/ducksunlimited-<version>-release.zip` - Complete release package

## Verification

To verify the mod is working:

1. Install the mod on both server and client

   - Join the server

   - Type `/modtest` in chat

1. You should see:

   - A green message saying "[DucksUnlimited] Mod is working!"

   - Particle effects around your player

   - A log entry on the server

## Known Issues

- [ ] Release JAR artifact not generated by gradle at present

- [ ] Have not yet verified basic test (particles, log message)

- [ ] Some hanging references may still exist to registration on publication, which we are not yet planning to support

Commit message:

adding devcontainer reference to reradme

README.md, after:

# Ducks Unlimited

Server-side mod for adding support for various ducks and their behavior to a Minecraft world.

## Quickstart

To build and package the mod, launch (if using VS Code) the devcontainer.

Then (from any supported environment) run the following:

```bash
gradle releaseJar
```

The mod artifacts will be in:

- `build/libs/ducksunlimited-<version>.jar` - Main mod file (*NOT YET GENERATED*)
- `build/devlibs/ducksunlimited-<version>-sources.jar` - Source code
- `build/libs/ducksunlimited-<version>-javadoc.jar` - Documentation
- `build/distributions/ducksunlimited-<version>-release.zip` - Complete release package

## Verification

To verify the mod is working:

1. Install the mod on both server and client

   - Join the server

   - Type `/modtest` in chat

1. You should see:

   - A green message saying "[DucksUnlimited] Mod is working!"

   - Particle effects around your player

   - A log entry on the server

## Known Issues

- [ ] Release JAR artifact not generated by gradle at present

- [ ] Have not yet verified basic test (particles, log message)

- [ ] Some hanging references may still exist to registration on publication, which we are not yet planning to support
